Update ecosystem-user-event.mdx (#918)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/ecosystem-user-event.mdx

### `click(element, eventInit, options)`

> Clicks `element`, depending on what `element` it is, it can have different side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicks `element`, depending on what `element` is clicked, calling `click()` can have different side
```

Really hard to follow what "it" is referring to

Author: Agreed 👍🏻
